docs(install) Instructions for installing Kong Enterprise on Kubernetes (#2019)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/1.5.x/kong-for-kubernetes/install-on-kubernetes.md

2. Minimally, for setting up Kong Enterprise on Kubernetes, you will need to set the following parameters:

    |Parameter      | Value                         |
    |---------------|-------------------------------|
    |`env.database` | `"postgres"` or `"cassandra"` |
    |`env.password.valueFrom.secretKeyRef.name` | Name of secret that holds the super admin password. In the example above, this is set to `kong-enterprise-superuser-password`. |
    |`env.password.valueFrom.secretKeyRef.key` | The type of secret key used for authentication. If you followed the default settings in the example above, this is `password`. |
    |`image.repository` | The Docker repository. In this case, `kong-docker-kong-enterprise-edition-docker.bintray.io/ kong-enterprise-edition`. |
    |`image.tag` | The Docker image tag you want to pull down, e.g. `"1.5.0.2-alpine"`. |
    |`ingressController.enabled` | Set to `true` if you want to use the Kong Ingress Controller, or `false` if you don't want to install it. |

> 3. (Optional) If not using the Kong Ingress Controller, remove the entire section of `Ingress Controller parameters`.

Reviewer: Probably remove this step entirely: the toggle is covered already in (2) and does need to remain in place: removing content from values.yaml will use the default from the base values.yaml, which will enable the controller.

The rest of the section doesn't do anything if `ingressController.enabled: false`, so it's safe to leave in place--removing it is mostly cosmetic, and instructing users to remove it runs the risk that they'll remove the toggle setting also.

>Note: the following instructions assume that you're running Helm 3.

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab kubectl %}
1. Run:
    ```
    $ helm install  my-kong kong/kong --namespace kong --values ~/values.yaml
    ```
    This may take some time.

2. Check pod status:
    ```
    $ kubectl get pods -n kong
    ```
    Once migrations are complete and the `my-kong-kong-<ID>` pod is running, move on to the next section.
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab OpenShift oc %}
1. Run:
    ```
    $ helm install  my-kong kong/kong --namespace kong --values ~/values.yaml
    ```
    This may take some time.

2. Check pod status:
    ```
    $ oc get pods -n kong
    ```
    Once migrations are complete and the `my-kong-kong-<ID>` pod is running, move on to the next section.
{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

## Step 9. Finalize Configuration and Verify Installation
{% navtabs %}
{% navtab kubectl %}
1. Run:
    ```
    $ kubectl get svc -n kong my-kong-kong-admin --output=jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}'
    ```

2. Copy the IP address from the output, then edit the `values.yaml` file to add the following line under `env` section:

    ```
    admin_api_uri: <your-ip>
    ```

> 

Reviewer: This will likely cause issues with RBAC: there's no way to configure the admin session configuration such that it can set a cookie on one IP and use it on another. We should add a note here that users should set up DNS and update these settings to use hostnames at their earliest convenience, and that they must do so before enabling RBAC.

We should provide documentation to both encourage users to use hostnames and explain how they relate to one another in the context of Kong, but that's fairly involved and I think we're best off with a brief note here for now to get the doc released quickly. This cuts across both Kubernetes and non-Kubernetes installations, though on Kubernetes the Admin and Manager IPs will differ since they're separate Services (this isn't the case if you're accessing them through an Ingress, but in that case you'd be using hostnames+paths rather than IPs). Jira ticket DOCS-1054 describes that proposed document in more detail.

Author: > We should add a note here that users should set up DNS and update these settings to use hostnames at their earliest convenience, and that they must do so before enabling RBAC.

So we could go one of two ways here: 
- Keep the instructions as they are and add a note as you suggest, saying that this won't work in production and they need to set up a DNS, update this setting again, then optionally enable RBAC, or;
- Change the steps to tell users to set up a DNS before doing this, which becomes something like:

2. Copy the IP address from the output and set up a DNS pointing to that IP. 
- This is something you do outside of Kong, right? So we won't be telling them how to do it.
3. Set `admin_api_uri` to point to <DNS(:port?)>

Reviewer: Correct, though for the second option there are a several settings that interact with one another and have to be chosen to meet CORS and cookie-sending requirements. That won't easily fit into a brief paragraph here, so I think the best option is to briefly mention that you definitely need DNS hostnames for RBAC now and write something more detailed later. It's not perfect, but it's not worse than the status quo.

3. Clean up:
    ```
    $ kubectl delete jobs -n kong --all
    ```

4. Update Kong to use the changed `values.yaml`:
    ```
    $ helm upgrade my-kong kong/kong --namespace kong --values ~/values.yaml
    ```

6. Once the upgrade is complete, run:
    ```
    kubectl get svc -n kong
    ```

    In the output, the IP in the `EXTERNAL_IP` column is your access point for Kong features, including Kong Manager and Kong Dev Portal:

    ```
    NAME                          TYPE           CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)                            AGE
    my-kong-kong-manager          LoadBalancer   10.96.61.116     10.96.61.116    8002:31308/TCP,8445:32420/TCP      24m
    my-kong-kong-portal           LoadBalancer   10.101.251.123   10.101.251.123  8003:31609/TCP,8446:32002/TCP      24m
    ```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab OpenShift oc %}
1. Run:
    ```
    $ oc get svc -n kong my-kong-kong-admin --output=jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}'
    ```

2. Copy the IP address from the output, then edit the `values.yaml` file to add the following line under `env` section:

    ```

>     admin_api_uri: <your-ip>

Reviewer: Ditto comment from line 239: we should add a note to encourage users to switch this to a hostname, and explain that they must do so before enabling RBAC.

## Prerequisites
Before starting installation, be sure you have the following:

- **Kubernetes cluster with load balancer**: Kong is compatible with all distributions of Kubernetes. You can use a [Minikube](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/minikube/), [GKE](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/), or [OpenShift](https://www.openshift.com/products/container-platform) cluster.
- **kubectl or oc access**: You should have `kubectl` or `oc` (if working with OpenShift) installed and configured to communicate to your Kubernetes cluster.
- A valid Kong Enterprise License:
  * If you have a license, continue to [Set Up Kong Enterprise License](#step-2-set-up-kong-enterprise-license) below. If you need your license file information, contact Kong Support.
  * If you need a license, request a trial license through our [Request Demo](https://konghq.com/request-demo/) page.
  * Or, try out Kong for Kubernetes Enterprise using a live tutorial at [https://kubecon.konglabs.io/](https://kubecon.konglabs.io/)
- Kong Enterprise Docker registry access on Bintray.
- Helm installed.

## Step 1. Provision a namespace

> In order to create the secrets for license and Docker registry access,

Reviewer 2: "In order" is superfluous verbiage per many style guides.

```
$ kubectl create secret -n kong docker-registry kong-enterprise-edition-docker \
    --docker-server=kong-docker-kong-enterprise-edition-docker.bintray.io \
    --docker-username=<your-bintray-username> \
    --docker-password=<your-bintray-api-key>
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab OpenShift oc %}
Set up the credentials:
```
$ oc create secret -n kong docker-registry kong-enterprise-edition-docker \
    --docker-server=kong-docker-kong-enterprise-edition-docker.bintray.io \      
    --docker-username=<your-bintray-username> \
    --docker-password=<your-bintray-api-key>
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

## Step 5. Seed the Super Admin password
{% navtabs %}
{% navtab kubectl %}
(Optional) Create a password for the super admin:
```
kubectl create secret generic kong-enterprise-superuser-password  -n kong --from-literal=password=<your-password>
```
Though not required, this is recommended if you want to use RBAC, as it cannot be done after initial setup.
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab OpenShift oc %}
(Optional) Create a password for the super admin:
```
oc create secret generic kong-enterprise-superuser-password -n kong --from-literal=password=<your-password>
```

> Though not required, this is recommended if you want to use RBAC, as it cannot be done after initial setup.

Reviewer 2: This seems like it should have an Important note tag for RBAC users

{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

> ## Step 6. Prepare the sessions plugin for Manager and Dev Portal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 6. Prepare the sessions plugin for Kong Manager and Dev Portal
```

    |`env.password.valueFrom.secretKeyRef.key` | The type of secret key used for authentication. If you followed the default settings in the example above, this is `password`. |
    |`image.repository` | The Docker repository. In this case, `kong-docker-kong-enterprise-edition-docker.bintray.io/ kong-enterprise-edition`. |
    |`image.tag` | The Docker image tag you want to pull down, e.g. `"1.5.0.2-alpine"`. |
    |`ingressController.enabled` | Set to `true` if you want to use the Kong Ingress Controller, or `false` if you don't want to install it. |

3. In the `Kong Enterprise` section, enable Kong Manager (`manager`) and Kong Dev Portal (`portal`).

    For example:
    ```
    manager:
      enabled: true
      type: LoadBalancer
      http:
        enabled: true
        servicePort: 8002
      tls:
        enabled: true
        servicePort: 8445

    portal:
      enabled: true
      type: LoadBalancer
      http:
        enabled: true
        servicePort: 8003
      tls:
        enabled: true
        servicePort: 8446
    ```

> 4. Fill in the rest of the parameters as they fit your implementation. Use the comments in the sample file to guide you, and see the documentation on [Kong Enterprise parameters](https://github.com/Kong/charts/blob/master/charts/kong/README.md#kong-enterprise-parameters) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Fill in the rest of the parameters as appropriate for your implementation. Use the comments in the sample file to guide you, and see the documentation on [Kong Enterprise parameters](https://github.com/Kong/charts/blob/master/charts/kong/README.md#kong-enterprise-parameters) for more details.
```

## Step 8. Deploy Kong Enterprise on Kubernetes
The steps in this section show you how to install Kong Enterprise on Kubernetes using Helm.
>Note: the following instructions assume that you're running Helm 3.

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab kubectl %}
1. Run:
    ```
    $ helm install  my-kong kong/kong --namespace kong --values ~/values.yaml
    ```
    This may take some time.

2. Check pod status:
    ```
    $ kubectl get pods -n kong
    ```

>     Once migrations are complete and the `my-kong-kong-<ID>` pod is running, move on to the next section.

Reviewer 2: Prefer "After"  to "Once" to avoid ambiguity. This is a former employers style guide thing. Global comment.

{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab OpenShift oc %}
1. Run:
    ```
    $ helm install  my-kong kong/kong --namespace kong --values ~/values.yaml
    ```
    This may take some time.

2. Check pod status:
    ```
    $ oc get pods -n kong
    ```

>     Once migrations are complete and the `my-kong-kong-<ID>` pod is running, move on to the next section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Once migrations are complete and the `my-kong-kong-<ID>` pod is running, continue to the next section.
```
